SVCB RFC 9460 (#15)
scionassociation/scion-research_I-D: draft-meynell-panrg-scion-research-questions.md

* One AS belongs to many ISDs?

## DNS Service Binding

> The DNS Service Binding {{RFC9460, Section 14.3}} allows to easily specify a dedicated "SCION" Service Parameter.

Reviewer: Keep in mind this would require a IANA action, not sure if this can be there in an IRTF draft. Nothing blocking, just something to keep in mind

Reviewer: No action for now, I just pointed this out because saying anything that causes IANA actions raises some eyebrows. For now, let's leave it in the draft. If the draft gets adopted, then it will be a problem

> The DNS Service Binding {{RFC9460, Section 14.3}} allows to easily specify a dedicated "SCION" Service Parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DNS Service Binding {{RFC9460, Section 14.3}} allows a dedicated SCION Service Parameter to be specified.
```

Reviewer 2: Rephrasing

> Service Parameters allow specifying alternative IP addresses (or other parameters, such ISD/AS numbers) for a given URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Service Parameters allow the specification of alternative IP addresses or other parameters such as ISD/AS numbers) for a given URL.
```

Reviewer 2: Rephrasing

> This would be more elegant than using DNS TXT records.

Reviewer: Maybe you could add a bit more context about name resolution?
- 1-2 sentences explain how it was implemented today: 
```
nic@nic-mbp  % dig +short ethz.ch TXT  | grep scion
"x-sciondiscovery=8041"
"scion=64-2:0:9,129.132.230.98"
```
- Why RFC9460 is better

* One AS belongs to many ISDs?

## DNS Service Binding (SVCB)

The DNS Service Binding {{?RFC9460, Section 14.3}} allows a dedicated SCION Service Parameter to be specified.

Service Parameters allow the specification of alternative IP addresses or other parameters such as ISD/AS numbers) for a given URL.
This would be more elegant than using DNS TXT records.

Example of current entry:

    $ dig +short ethz.ch TXT  | grep scion
    "x-sciondiscovery=8041"
    "scion=64-2:0:9,129.132.230.98"

With SVCB this may look like this for https:

    dig +short https ethz.ch
    1 . alpn="h2" scion=64-2:0:9,129.132.230.98

> I am not entirely sure how it looks like for non-https traffic, I assume probably like this:
> 
>     dig +short svcb ethz.ch
>     1 . scion=64-2:0:9,129.132.230.98

Reviewer: Maybe you can just omit these lines if you are not sure? 
I would also not use "I" in a draft
```suggestion
```
